feat: add beta support to scale Stateful Executors with consensus using RAFT (#5564)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/serving/executor/create.md

It contains functions (decorated with `@requests`) that process `DocumentArray`s. Executors follow three principles:

1. An Executor should subclass directly from the `jina.Executor` class.
2. An Executor is a Python class; it can contain any number of functions.
3. Functions decorated by {class}`~jina.requests` are exposed as services according to their `on=` endpoint. These functions can be coroutines (`async def`) or regular functions. This will be explained later in {ref}`Add Endpoints Section<exec-endpoint>`

> 4. (Beta) Functions decorated by {class}`~jina.serve.executors.decorators.write` on top of their {class}`~jina.requests` decoration, are considered to update the internal state of the Executor. The `__init__` and `close` methods are exceptions. The reasons this is useful is explained in {ref}`Stateful-executor<stateful-executor>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Beta) Functions decorated by {class}`~jina.serve.executors.decorators.write` above their {class}`~jina.requests` decoration, are considered to update the internal state of the Executor. The `__init__` and `close` methods are exceptions. The reasons this is useful is explained in {ref}`Stateful-executor<stateful-executor>`.
```
